Create document of deploying FATE cluster with admin role in certain namespace (#718)
FederatedAI/KubeFATE: docs/Deploy_FATE_Cluster_with_Admin_Role_in_Certain_Namespace.md

# Deploy FATE Cluster with Admin Role in Certain Namespace

## Background

When deploying KubeFATE and FATE cluster with Kubernetes, users don't always have the cluster-admin privilege of the whole K8s cluster. To deploy KubeFATE and run FATE jobs, [admin]([admin](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#user-facing-roles)) role provided by Kubernetes is necessary in certain namespace. And in this case, some configuration files need to be modified.

> 

Reviewer: Could you also add some description and the reference to "https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#user-facing-roles" so that reader can further understand the different roles?

User `9999` will use the `rbac-config.yaml` file below:

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ServiceAccount
metadata:
  name: kubefate-admin
  namespace: fate-9999
---
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: RoleBinding
metadata:
  name: sc-9999-edit-binding
  namespace: fate-exchange
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: edit
subjects:
  - kind: ServiceAccount
    name: kubefate-admin
    namespace: fate-9999
---
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: RoleBinding
metadata:
  name: sc-edit-binding
  namespace: fate-9999
roleRef:
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: edit
subjects:
  - kind: ServiceAccount
    name: kubefate-admin
    namespace: fate-9999
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: kubefate-secret
  namespace: fate-9999
type: Opaque
stringData:
  kubefateUsername: admin
  kubefatePassword: admin
  mariadbUsername: kubefate
  mariadbPassword: kubefate
```

User `10000` use the `rbac-config.yaml` similar to user `9999` but doesn't create rolebinding in `fate-exchange` namespace.

> 

Reviewer: Could you further add some explanation of the modification to the rbac config? like "In general, we need to remove any cluster scope role and rolebindings and create only role and role bindings in the corresponding namespaces"

Execute the commands below after all files are ready:

```bash
$ kubectl apply -f ./rbac-config.yaml
$ kubectl apply -f ./kubefate.yaml
```

### Deploy Exchange

In this document we use Nginx and ATS to deploy Exchange, so the certificate configuration between each Party and Exchange should be solved first. Refer to [pulsar and certificate generation of ATS](https://github.com/FederatedAI/FATE/blob/v1.6.0/cluster-deploy/doc/fate_on_spark/FATE_on_spark_with_pulsar_zh.md) for more information.

The template configuration file of Exchange is [trafficServer.yaml](https://github.com/FederatedAI/KubeFATE/blob/master/k8s-deploy/examples/party-exchange/trafficServer.yaml). And `route_table` of nginx and trafficServer will be configured according to the services address and port of the Party after the FATE clusters are up and running.

When `cluster-exchange.yaml` is configured, user 9999 will deploy it to `fate-exchange` namespace with KubeFATE:

```sh
kubefate cluster install -f ./cluster-exchange.yaml
```

Check the status of Exchange cluster to make sure it is up and running:

```sh
kubefate cluster ls
```

### Add Parties

> We use Spark(Pulsar) as compute engine of FATE. So the certificates should be installed beforehand like exchange.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We use Spark + Pulsar as the backend of FATE. So the certificates for Pulsar should be installed beforehand like exchange.
```
